anonymousIdOptions added in JS SDK (#519)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/index.mdx

| `useBeacon`           | Boolean                             | Defaults to `false`. If set to `true`, the SDK sends the event payloads via the  `navigator.sendBeacon()` utility. |
| `beaconQueueOptions`  | [**BeaconQueueOpts**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/javascript-sdk-enhancements/#beaconqueueopts) | Refer to the [**BeaconQueueOpts**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/javascript-sdk-enhancements/#beaconqueueopts) section. |
| `cookieConsentManager` | Object       |  Refer to the [`cookieConsentManager`](#cookieconsentmanager) section for more information. |

> | `anonymousIdOptions` | Object       |  Refer to the [Capture anonymous ID automatically](#capture-anonymous-id-automatically) section for more information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `anonymousIdOptions` | Object       |  Refer to the [Capturing `anonymousId` automatically](#capture-anonymous-id-automatically) section for more information. |
```

For more information on the consent managers supported by RudderStack, refer to <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/consent-managers/">this section</a>.
</div>

> #### Capture anonymous ID automatically 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Capturing `anonymousId` automatically 
```

> The JavaScript SDK provides `anonymousIdOptions` object in the [`load()`](https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#the-options-parameter) call options. It automatically captures the anonymous ID from a source and sets it as Rudderstack’s anonymous ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript SDK provides `anonymousIdOptions` object in the [`load()`](https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#the-options-parameter) call options. It automatically captures the anonymous ID from a source and sets it as Rudderstack’s `anonymousId`.
```

The structure of `anonymousIdOptions` object is shown below:

```javascript
{
  autoCapture: {
    enabled: true,

>     source: "segment",

Reviewer: Do we need to mention "Segment" here? Can we use some other source? @MoumitaM

Reviewer 2: As of now only segment is supported

  }
}
```

| Parameter  | Type  | Description    |   
| :--------| :---- | :----------------| 

> | `enabled` | Boolean  | Identifies if the auto-capturing of anonymous ID is enabled. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enabled` | Boolean  | Determines whether the auto-capturing of the anonymous ID is enabled. | 
```

| `source`  | String   | Identifies the external source of the anonymous ID. | 

<div class="infoBlock">
  

>   If Rudderstack’s anonymous ID is already set in your browser, <code class="inline-code">anonymousIdOptions</code> will not take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the RudderStack `anonymousId` is already set in your browser, then <code class="inline-code">anonymousIdOptions</code> will not take effect.
```
